# Introduction/ Motivation/ Literature Review
Before the pandemic, sales of wine have already slowed down. Older customers drink less as they age and winemakers find it hard to attract young consumers as some of them tend to seek a healthier lifestyle without drinking and others have multiple choices for beverages like beer and spirits.[1] US Industry data shows that Millennials consume more liquor and beer than wine. Besides, hard seltzer also becomes more and more popular among young consumers. [2] Traditional winemakers need to develop products that appeal to young customers, like single-serve packing and special flavors, to cope with the fierce competition.

Right now, in the post-pandemic era, customer trends have shifted dramatically in the wine industry. Consumers tend to drink at home to avoid infection, so the demand for on-premise choices and off-premise section totally reversed and sales of off-premise retail channels increased largely. Except for this opportunity, due to the economic shock caused by the pandemic, most people would curtail unnecessary expenses, so expensive wine is absolutely not a desired option.[3] Normally, the gross margin of wineries is 50%. However, under the situation of low demand, the profit margins of wineries decline as fixed cost still remains the same.[4] To maintain profitability, on the one hand, wineries need to develop charming products to expand the younger market. On the other hand, taking advantage of high-tech could avoid unnecessary loss and achieve desirable results. As in-line detection is still not promoted in the wine industry, post-production evaluation and off-site laboratory analysis could not detect the fermentation issues in time to avoid economic losses.[5] The usage of sensors to record fermentation parameters make it possible to detect problems immediately and shape wine character deliberately.[6]

Precise prediction on desired wine quality based on physicochemical parameters would give wine producers insights about essential elements to achieve a certain quality class. Thus, defective products would possibly reduce and cost decline either. The red wine dataset was firstly built to support the wine certification and quality assessment, both of which are essential to assure wine quality and help with setting prices. [7] It contains fundamental properties of wine. For example, attributes relate to taste including acidity(fixed acidity/ volatile acidity/ citric acid/ pH), sweetness (residual sugar), salty( chlorides) and alcohol.[8] Most of these attributes could be controlled during the production process to achieve desirable wine quality. Take pH for example, the wine’s pH is fundamental for flavour and for preventing microbiological spoilage. [9] The desired pH for red wines is around  3.4 . If we want to lower the pH, the most natural way is to add tartaric acid. To increase the pH is just the opposite, tartaric acid need to be decreased and it is achieved through using deacidifying agent such as carbonate salts.[10] Overall, during the fermentation management process, our model would be a good reference for wineries.
